# CS340-Final-Project

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

  The way to write programs that they are maintainable, readable, and adaptable is that you leave them open-ended. This means that you leave them as a .find(). This is so that when they are written they can be made to be used in a variety of areas in the future through your program and the ongoing life cycle of the code.  The advantages were that this allowed me to use these basic functions to do a multitude of different queries. I think that there were about 4 or 5 different instances of using just these few queries.  I could use these over by at some point connecting another project to this and using it on a different database or a different project that would need to be connected in this way again.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

  I approach a problem from an outside prospective. Usually, I basically try something and when it doesn't work, I build off of that. I try and shove a square peg in a round hole until it fits and I get it to work. This time I had to adjust my thinking and start to look for the round peg before attempting the hole. I know I searched the internet as different problems arose. I read a bunch of tutorials. I used a bunch of stack overflow, and I used a bunch of other resources trying to understand this database assignment much more than I have had to in the past. I would attempt to find a way to better use this in the future. I am looking more to think and theorize before I solve versus just making a giant mess of this code and I seek to think more like a programmer. I seek to find solutions to an assignment and then to make it look good and make it the best I can for the client.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

computer scientists use code to solve problems that our clients face. They do this to give a client a product that will satisfy their needs and in a way, they give the client access to something that will help them. My work on this project for a company would allow for dogs to be discovered to be good fits to be service animals. My work on this type of project would allow for someone to use this program to get a dog in training or to possibly give a shelter dog a new lease on life instead of sitting in a shelter. Potentially through this program it makes the world a slightly better place.
